# Ten Simple Rules for taking advantage of GitHub in bioinformatics

## Description 

This repository contains the manuscript entitle: **Ten Simple Rules
for taking advantage of GitHub in bioinformatics**. Our main aim here
is to highlight specific GitHub features that enable the
bioinformatics community to use GitHub features and tools on a daily
basics. We will then provide a set of recommendations for taking full
advantage of its core features to facilitate and manage the work on a
given bioinformatics project and increase its profile to the
scientific community. We think the manuscript is timely due to the
announcement of the closure of another widely used service, Google
Code. Therefore, many of the users of Google Code will therefore have
to migrate to GitHub.

# How to contribute 

If you have an idea for a new Rule to add or change to the main
manuscript or Figure, etc, it is best to communicate with the authors
of the paper. The most common venues for this are GitHub issues for
common specification
[issues](https://github.com/ypriverol/github-paper/issues). Browse
through existing GitHub issues and if one seems related, comment on
it. If no existing issue seems appropriate, a new issue can be opened
to discuss the suggestion.

## Disclaimer

YOUR USE OF THE PUBLICATION CONTENT, FIGURES OR ANY SITE TO WHICH THEY LINK IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED FOR USE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. OUR TEAM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PAPER CONTENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT RELATING TO THE CONTENT OR ANY WEB SITE TO WHICH THEY ARE LINKED.

NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM PAPER CONTENT OR THROUGH OR FROM THE PLOS SITES OR PLOS API SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF USE.

## Changes and Ideas

All changes to the manuscript should be made through pull requests to this repository. 

If you are new to Git, the
[Try Git](https://www.codeschool.com/courses/try-git) tutorial is a
good places to start. More learning resources are available
[here](https://help.github.com/articles/good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github/).

1. Create a GitHub account and log in.

2. Fork the paper repository on GitHub to make your changes. 

3. Choose the correct branch to develop your changes against or create
   a new one (this is typically `master`).

4. Serious problems or major changes should not be fixed via pull
   request - please open an issue an specifically tag `@ypriverol` to
   discuss such changes beforehand.

5. Commit and push your changes to your fork.

6. Open a pull request with these changes. You pull request message
   ideally should include:
   - A motivation of why the changes should be made.
   - A brief description of the changes.

7. The pull request should be reviewed and merge by another member of
   the paper.
